# # Is sharpness necessary?
Maybe, maybe not. You should really ask yourself, what was sharpness originally invented for? If we're talking about photographs, for example.  To increase contrast or to give the picture a more prominent look? And what if we don't want to improve the look, but to restore the original look of a very good but artificially deteriorated photo? That's when we resort to sharpening. Sharpness is, how can I put it to you, like pepperoni sausages on a pizza. You can add it, but it's not a question of if you can, it's a question of if you should. Is it necessary to preserve the original flavor without spoiling it? It's a curious question. I would say you have to experiment, being me a child, but being partly an adult who understands simple mechanics I will say that sharpening is necessary, and not to improve the picture, but to return it to its original appearance. Take for example AS Creed Odyssey. It seems like a great game with a lot of useless quests, but that's not the point. We look at the picture and see absolutely complete blurriness. How to solve this problem? The ideal method, absolutely banal and terribly expensive would be such a thing as buying a new monitor with 4k resolution. But why invest a lot of money for a very questionable idea when you can use sharpness? Do you think the problem is solved? Do you think reshade and conditional lumasharpen solved your problem? Everything in the world is not so perfect and simple, if we are talking about sharpness, rather we are talking about improving the original picture and or returning it to its original beautiful appearance.  Such sharpness unfortunately is not available everywhere, and not available everywhere, but Nvidia allowed the possibility that we mere mortals can use such a sharpness to still get a playable beautiful look of the game. I want to ask, what is the catch and what we need shaders for reshade program. The catch, my friends, is that nvidia has restricted the incoming games to use that perfect sharpness. Maybe for the good, maybe not. By good, I mean that nvidia gives "permission" to those games in which this perfect sharpness will work beautifully. After all, not all games work beautifully and perfectly with sharpness. Yes, in witcher 3 it will be as chic as Tarantino movies, but for example in SR4 it will look extremely horrible and creepy. Why? Hmm, let me think. Because SR4 is creepy, in terms of story, in terms of gameplay in terms of graphics.  Imagine a 90 year old granny who put on lipstick and a fancy wig. Horrible and ugly? The same thing happens here.
# What about color?
Does it need to be added? No, should it be strengthened? It depends on the game, namely the presence of dull and faded colors in the game, games are different, just like people. Some are colorful and bright, others are dark and faded. Recall with great reluctance Half-Life 2 yes, in this game really need to turn the colors to the maximum to make it a beautiful, and most importantly pleasing to the eyes color. But if we take a colorful for example Bioshock Infinite or worthy of attention the game about rats A Plague Tale: Innocence of course there work with color will only worsen the picture. It is necessary to understand one thing, the work with the picture, if we are talking about a game, is not necessary and moreover is not needed at all. The fact that we are working with color, with sharpness, means only that the developers either specially all this deteriorate or think that this picture is worthy of our attention.
# Was it your work or did someone help you?
Of course people helped me, it's not a world without good people, believe me, I know what I'm talking about. 
